Summary	
This program takes a text file called “hixonInput.txt” and creates a text file called “hixonOutput.txt”. 
Both of these files are located in the “data” subfolder of the project. 
The program starts by welcoming the user and asking for their name, which is stored for later use. A
fter this, the user is asked for what district they are interested in. 
If they say a number besides 83, the program ends, but if they enter 83 or something that is not a number, then the program continues. 
The program then sets up the files to be read and written to. 
If either of these files cannot be found in the data subfolder, then the program immediately terminates since there is no data to work with. 
Once both files have been set up, the program begins to loop through the input file. 
It takes the current line and checks if the last line was either empty or just a space. 
If it is not, then it adds a tab before the line to signify that it is not a header line. 
If either of the above are true, then it does not add a tab since it is a header line. 
Once the line is correctly formatted for the output file, it is written on the “hixonOutput.txt” output file and printed to the console. 
The line is then stored for comparison in the next iteration of the loop. 
Character count is increased by the length of the fileLine, the word count is increased by the length of the array made by splitting the line based on spaces, and line count is incremented by 1 each time.
When the loop is done, the scanners are closed. 
The character count, word count, and line counts are printed.
The program then ends.

Formatting
The input file “hixonInput.txt” is a text file consisting of the information selected from the website https://www.scstatehouse.gov/member.php?code=849715808. 
The main sections are separated by empty lines, which is utilized for formatting the output file. 
The output file “hixonOutput.txt” has the same content as the input file, although the body of the content has been indented to convey that it is the body.
