Hello! What questions do you have about Representative Hixon?
	Tell me about the rep
Personal information: 
Personal Information
President/Owner, Hixon Realty Co.
President, Hixon Insurance Agency Inc.
Residing at 770 Murrah Rd., N. Augusta
Born September 6, 1957
Son of John L. and Elizabeth C. Hixon
North Augusta Sr. High School, 1976
Accredited Land Consultant Designation Awarded 2010
Past Chairman, Aiken Technical College Commission
Past Board member, Aiken County Commission of Higher Education, University of South Carolina Aiken
Aiken County Home Builders
North Augusta Chamber of Commerce
Board of Directors, Augusta Southern Nationals Drag Boat Races
Past Director of Augusta-North Augusta M.L.S. Service
Volunteer Fireman, North Augusta, 1973-
State Constable, State of South Carolina
Past member, Executive Committee of the Commission of the Future of Aiken County
Past Board member, Edgefield County Chamber of Commerce
Past Board member, South Carolina Electric and Gas Company/SCANA Regional Advisory Board
Past President, North Augusta Board of Realtors, 1988, 1997, 1998, 2005, 2006
Past Board member, The Independent Insurance Agents of South Carolina
Past Advisory Board member, Wachovia Bank - North Augusta
Past Board member, Edgefield County Development Board
South Carolina Association of Realtors
Realtor of the Year, North Augusta Belvedere Board of Realtors, 1989, 1997
South Carolina Associations of Realtors, 1997 Legislative Grassroots Realtor of the Year
Past Vice President, South Carolina Association of Realtors Region 3
South Carolina Ambassador for Economic Development, 1999, named by Governor Jim Hodges
Past Board member, Economic Development Partnership for Aiken and Edgefield Counties
Advisory Board, Security Federal Bank of North Augusta
Past member, Board of Trustees, First Baptist Church
Member, First Baptist Church of North Augusta
	What committees is my rep on
Committee assignments: 
Committee Assignments
Agriculture, Natural Resources & Environmental Affairs, 2nd V.C.
Legislative Oversight
	This is an intentionally a flawed query
Your query was not understood.
	quit
Goodbye.